# FINN iOS app tech goals 2019 - 2020

### We want to use Decodable and Swift for our data models
- Make an extra effort to convert old data models when they are to be updated.
- We need to refactor away from the “FINResultSet”-classes.
- Always add support for Decodable, even if the model is to be used with Unbox at first.
- Convert Objective-C data models to Swift, even if Unbox needs to be used at first.

### We want to work in Swift only
(26% ObjC in main app in summer, 20% end of September. Not realistic with 100% in 2020, but in 2021 it could happen!)

- Convert Objective-C code when we come across it. 
- Make PRs that are easy to review, first convert to make it easy to see that nothing gets lost. Non “swifty” Swift code is still better than Objective-C. Then improve structure and refactor.

### We want to have a more fine-grained split in FinniversKit 
- Discuss how to split it. DNA, Core/Building blocks, Views/Features/?
- Discuss benefits and drawbacks.


### We want to use state-controllers more (build the object page with state controller)
- Refactor object page to use state controller step by step. 


### We want performance logging/metrics so we can monitor the health of our releases
- Do we need any permission or opt-out for users? GDPR issues?
- Have a “handled error” event that is not a crash but should be logged as error so we can monitor and discover it.

### We want to make a better iPad experience for our users 
- Remember the iPad. When making UI changes, think of the iPad. When reviewing PRs think of the iPad. Run the app on the iPad. Test on the iPad. iPad, iPad, iPad.
- Refactor codebase to make it easier to use unique iPad possibilities.


