# iOS meeting 10.01.19
## Quality Gate complexity rule
The complexity rule in QG is currently set to limit the number of code branches to **10**. We all agreed that code complexity is mostly a subjective issue and should rather be discussed or commented on during PRs. We'll start this by bumping the complexity rule to **20**.

## Images/icons in different projects
Images and icons are currently stored in both `FinniversKit`, as well as `ios-app`. We discussed the goal of only having images in the projects where they are needed, to make it easier to remove them when they're no longer needed. 

## `Localizable.strings` conventions
The localizable strings should use a period, `.`, as a separator between domains/components/features. The string should use `camelCasing` for domains/components/features.

Ex.:
- `frontPage.gridView.error.couldNotFetchMarkets`
- `favoriteFolder.create.success`
- `adIn.createAd.success.title`

## Beta testers
We want, and need, to get more beta-testers of the app. Signing up for this should be an option under settings.

## Creating beta/release
### Instructions
The instructions for publishing a release/beta should be pulled into a separate file, since they're getting pretty long. The goal is to make the `README` more readable.

### Automate with `fastlane`
`fastlane` should automate more of the 'manual lifting' we have to do before building a release/beta. The motivation for this is to remove some of the errors one may end up in if some step in the `Fastfile` fails.

This includes:
- Making sure the repo is clean before building.
- Run `pod install`.
- Improve error messages, aka. better explanations.
- Try to clean up if it at some point fails.
- Fetch newly created git tag after making GitHub release.