# iOS meeting 07.03.19
## Creating new beta/release
We're almost finished with the initial round of having this responsibility. This means we have to create a new schedule and find a way to let everyone know who is responsible a given week.

**Options:**  
- Continue using only Google Calendar.
- Have a schedule in Confluence.
- Find some way to automate this.
  - I.e. posting a message on Slack or changing the topic in the #finn-apps-release channel.

## Rename `WINS.md` to `MILESTONES.md`
This file has until now contained small victories within the team or major changes made in the app, often noted with the responsible person's name attached to it. Building and maintaining the app, as well as creating new features, are tasks that involves the whole team and this file should reflect that.

What we discussed was renaming the file `WINS.md` to `MILESTONES.md`, and also lower the threshold for what to add to it. We also want to remove the names from the list, seeing as the work done to make new features possible often includes several members of the team, not just the person opening the PR. We want this file to reflect what we achieve together as a team.

The file will also give overview to other people, or new members of the team, what's been changed in the app during a certain period of time.

## CircleCI and FinniversKit snapshot tests
We've encountered some issues with CircleCI not failing for missing snapshot tests in FinniversKit. The issue seems to be related to `fatalError(_:)` failing silently in CircleCI, but not within Xcode.

Here's the message that was posted on Slack in the #finn-ios-chat channel 26.02.19:
> After I opened my PR for `RatingCat`/`FeedbackView`, I noticed that my earlier builds had their tests succeed. This was _before_ I added snapshot tests for this view, which was kinda weird.
> 
> The tests fails locally, thanks to a `fatalError` in the `override class func tearDown()`-method which checks that every case has been tested. If not, it halts the execution and opens the Xcode debugger. However, the `fatalError` fails silently on CircleCI and doesn’t make the tests fail.
> 
> An `XCTFail` is not possible to use here, since the method is not related to a specific test, but rather to tearDown of the testClass. See this article from Apple: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xctestcase/understanding_setup_and_teardown_for_test_methods

## Easter eggs
We're at the point where we have several easter eggs within our app. Most views are placed in FinniversKit, but some are in the `ios-app` codebase. The logic for when/how an easter egg should be triggered are also within `ios-app`. There's some uncertainty whether the eggs are going to be reused or not.

At some point we should discuss how we should structure easter eggs, and if we maybe should place them within a separate repository. The way the eggs are triggered differ: some are triggered for a certain search, some on a specific date and others on gestures.

## Distributing FinniversKit
There might be people inside FINN, such as designers, that may want to have the FinniversKit demo app on their phones. A possible solution is to distribute it with HockeyApp, or something similar.

## Spring cleaning
Until the next meeting each person should come up with some ideas on parts to focus on when it comes to spring cleaning. We'll discuss the ideas during the meeting and find something we all can focus on. Either if it's migrating code to Swift, removing old classes, refactorings or removing support for older iOS versions.