# iOS meeting 21.02.19
## Cocoapods & Travis
We've been having some trouble with the outdated Cocoapod spec repo that is included in Travis's `xcode10` image. This repo hasn't been updated since October 30th of last year.

The issue is that some of the new versions for our dependencies is created after October 30th, and therefor isn't included in the spec.

We've come up with a couple of solutions:

**Re-include the `Pods` folder into the project**  
This is the recommended option from Cocoapods, but this generally creates a lot of unwanted noise in the GitHub diff when reviewing PRs where a pod is installed or updated.

**Make Travis run `pod repo update` before each build**  
This lets us keep our current workflow, but adds an additional ~80 seconds to the build time. This time will increase along with the number of commits to the pod spec repo since October 30th. We may try to configure Travis to use the `xcode10.1` image, which may have a newer version of the pod spec repo.


For now, we'll try the second solution. This adds some extra build time, but it doesn't change our workflow or add any noise.

## Images/icons in different projects
We discussed this topic during [our last meeting](https://github.com/finn-no/ios-handbook/blob/master/meeting/10-01-19.md#imagesicons-in-different-projects).

We've agreed to "lock" assets to the project it's included in. This means that assets in i.e. `FinniversKit` will not be accessible outside this project.

The downside is that we may end up with duplicated assets between our targets. However, it will give us more confidence when removing an asset, seeing as the only target using it is the one it is included in.

##  WWDC 2019 🎉
We will find prices for hotel and flights together and make a budget based on this. This is a better option than everyone making separate budgets. Hopefully we all get tickets!😎🎟
